Indemnification
Applicant assumes all liability and responsibility for and agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend the city,
and its officers, agents, servants and employees from and against all claims, damages, losses and
expenses, including but not limited to attorney's fees, for injury to or death of a person or damage to property,
arising out of or in connection with, directly or indirectly, the performance, attempted performance or nonperformance
of the services referenced herein or in any way resulting from or arising out of the management, supervision, and
operation of the program and activities of the applicant. In the event of joint and concurring responsibility of
applicant and the city, responsibility and indemnity, if any, shall be apportioned comparatively in
accordance with Texas I..Jlw, without waiving any defense of the parties under Texas I..Jlw.


Park Facility Game Field Rules and Regulation
The following are some of the rules and regulations that govern the use of the City's park facilities. If you are
planning some activity" which does not appear in the form, please call (972)874-6300 or (972)874-7275 for clarification.</span>

Rules and Regulations

Hours
Sports field use should not extend outside the hours of the approved reservation/allocation request. No reservations
will be allowed after 10:30 p.m.

Came Field
It shall be unlawful for any person to go on a field which has been designated a game Reid and has been posted, unless
for the purpose of participating in league play or tournament play in a city-sponsored or cer sponsored
athletic event, or with written permission from the Executive Director of Community Services or his/her designee;
provided, however, that the prohibition contained In this subsection shall not apply to City officials, employees,
or agents performing maintenance or other authorized activities.

Closed Field
It shall be unlawful for any person to go on a game or practice field which has been designated a "Closed Field"
and has been posted, unless for the purpose of field maintenance.

Intended Use
It shall be unlawful for any person to use any game field or tennis court for any sport or activity other than its
Intended use except as authorized in writing by the Executive Director of Community Services or his/her designee.
Examples: golf on softball fields, softball on soccer fields. skateboarding on tennis courts.

Alcoholic Beverages
It shall be unlawful to possess alcoholic beverages in any portion of a public park or recreation facility, with
the exception that the use of alcoholic beverages may be permitted during designated activities upon recommendation
of the Park. Arts, and Library Services Board and with approval of the City Council.

Glass Containers
It shall be unlawful to possess glass beverage containers in any portion of the public park or recreation facility.

Activity Disruption
It shall be unlawful for any Individual or group to prevent, disrupt, Interfere with or obstruct In any manner any
authorized, permissible and/or organized activities, programs or uses in any public park.

Refuse/Litter
It shall be unlawful to leave garbage, cans, paper or other refuse In a public park or recreation facility anywhere
other than in the receptacles provided.

Motor Vehicle Operation
It shall be unlawful for any person to operate a motor vehicle In, on, upon, over, across, and/or through public
park or recreation facility.

Parking of Motor Vehicles
It shall be unlawful for any person to leave, stand or park any motor vehicle In any area not designated for such
purpose. If designated parking areas do not exist and if not prohibited by appropriate signage, motor vehicles
shall be parked on street, adjacent to the curb, or, If there Is not a curb, adjacent to the edge of the roadway,
whether Improved or unimproved.

Parking Obstruction
It shall be unlawful for any person to leave, stand or park any motor vehicle in any public park. or on or along
any street, in or adjacent to a public park In such a manner as to block, obstruct or otherwise render inaccessible
or unusable a vehicle entryway or exit or traffic circulation lane. The City shall be authorized to have such vehicle
removed at the owner’s expense.

Fees Charges or Solicitation of Donations
It shall be unlawful for any person to charge fees or solicit donations or contributions for any activity; to sell
or offer for sale any food, drinks, confections, merchandise or commercial services; to conduct any commercial
business activities of any kind; and/or to post, place or erect on any public park or recreation facility any advertising,
notice, billboard, paper or other advertising device without the written consent and approval of the City's Park,
Arts, and Library Services Board.

Weapons Possession
It shall be unlawful for any person other than a federal, state or local law enforcement officer or agent, to possess
a loaded or unloaded firearm, (excluding handguns as authorized by the state concealed handgun statute), ammunition,
bow and arrow. cross bow and arrows, any other type of loaded or unloaded projectile firing devices, In any public
park or recreation facility.

Damage Assessment
Any person convicted or damaging or defacing any improvements, equipment, structures, or authorized materials in
any public park or recreation facility, regardless of whether such items are the property of the City or of an
individual or entity, or convicted of removing such items from any public park or recreation facility, shall be
required to pay damage fees to include the cost of materials and labor for repair or replacement.

Fires
It shall be unlawful for any person to make or kindle a fire In any public park or recreation facility except in
picnic stoves, grills or other receptacles provided for such purpose, or as authorized In writing by the director
of parks and recreation or his designee.

Unauthorized Trespass
It shall be unlawful to enter any portion of a public park or recreation facility posted as "CLOSED - DO NOT ENTER
$50 - $500 Penalty for Violation" unless approved in writing by the Executive Director or Community Services or
his/ designee.

Failure to Comply
Failure to comply with park rules and regulations may cause the cancellation or the sports field reservation/allocation
and possible denial of the use of sports fields in the future. Some rules and regulations carry misdemeanor penalties
for violations and, upon conviction, shall be fined as provided in section 1-13 of the city Code
of Ordinances.
